Add tip for GitHub Private Pages (#5635)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/deploy/github.mdx

    ```
    :::

    :::tip[GitHub Organizations]
    If you're not using custom domains for your [private pages](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-cloud@latest/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/changing-the-visibility-of-your-github-pages-site),
    GitHub will create a random URL for you. 

    ```text
    https://<random-string>.pages.github.io/
    ```

>     Make sure you configure the `site` key with the given URL - no `base` needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Make sure to set the `site` key to match the auto-generated URL. There's no need to specify a `base` key.
```

Author: Awesome. Thank you!

>     Make sure to set the `site` key to match the auto-generated URL. There's no need to specify a `base` key.

Reviewer 2: What happens when the `site` config is not set or set to an incorrect origin?
